# 507ex 2.0 (FZX2)
## What is 507ex, and why is there a 2.0?
A while back, I created a executable format called 507ex (507 Being my brand that I like to put things under). I made one
mistake on the first time. I used AI in my code. That completely ruined my code. So I decided it was time to rewrite it.
Introducing 507ex 2.0 (Abbreviated as FZX2).
### What's New?
- AI was not used to write code (yay)
- Enhanced metadata that stores more information
- Auto Dependency Manager. Uses a list embedded in the metadata to ensure the application has the correct dependencies.
- All operations are accessible through one module.
- CAR (Central Application Repository) now supports authentication.
## CAR (Central Application Repository)
CAR is a server system that allows seamless execution of applications from the command line.
Example:
~~~bash
python3 fzx2.py exec http://127.0.0.1:5000/pull/955d7c5f-5b21-428f-94e4-8e13f1e7223c
~~~
Easy as that! All CAR operations are authenticated by a random "secret code" generated by the server.
### Endpoint Documentation
POST: /push. Push an executable to the server. Accepts form data in the following form: {'file_id': STR}, and accepts file data in this form: {'file': FILE}.
Returns:
```json
{
  "status": "success",
  "secret_code": "secret_code",
  "url": "request.url_root/pull/filename"
}
```
POST: /pull/<file_id>. Pull an executable from the server. Accepts form data in the following form: {'secret_code': STR}
Returns:
The file requested or an error message. Files are sent using flask's send_from_directory function.
## AI Usage
As per usual, I am against using AI in my code. All the code in this repository was human written. The instances of AI 
usage was autocomplete and AI Assistant when I was stuck, pointing me in the right direction (fzx2.py).